Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[birds chirping]
♪
[birds squawking]
So. I packed the guest lists.
envelopes.
I'm not sure I brought
a nice enough pen.
♪ Dialing 411
Are we having wine for us
and second-tier wine
for our guests?
Yeah!
Yeah?
Well. that will save us
some money.
Scott: Exactly!
Look how beautiful it is.
♪ Jelly meets confetti.
[unclear] ♪
I have a little surprise for you
when we get up there.
What did you do?
No. no. no.
Just for you and me.
♪ Who rented the cabana
♪ Let's blame it all on Anna
♪ 'Cause we can work it out
♪ If you're insecure.
don't blame that shit on her ♪
♪ Get your ass up
[loud rock music playing]
Scott: Yikes.
That is why I don't leave
the city.
♪ Don't blame that shit on her
♪ Get your ass up
Scott: Adorable!
Connor: Of course.
it's a gay B&B.
Okay...
When I first saw your dick pic
on Grindr.
I never thought it
would lead us here.
I did not post a photo
of my penis online. thanks.
Prude.
[faint whistling sound]
What was that?
I don't know.
Okay. well.
don't go check it out.
I-It could be a bear
or something.
You know. the number-one rule
of Scouts
is don't follow the noise
into the woods.
I got kicked out of Scouts.
Clearly.
[wind blowing]
Scott?
Fuck.
[leaves crunching]
Scott?!
Ahh!
♪
No. no!
[Connor shouting indistinctly]
♪
Ah. ah!
No. no...
Ahhh!
[wind blowing]
♪
[city noise. traffic]
♪ Because I'm better on my own
[tapping buttons]
You can do this. Renee.
You are a capable. strong.
smart woman
who can make a cup
of fucking coffee.
Well...
[water running]
[music playing faintly]
Hey.
[giggling]
Good morning.
Morning.
Mm...
Thank you.
Mm-hm.
Sorry.
I couldn't figure out how to
work your stupid coffee machine.
it was a whole thing.
Oh. so you just gave up?
Some things are worth
the effort.
Mm...
So. I was thinking.
maybe I should just stay
in the city this weekend.
Help out at the bar.
Seriously?
I'm very seriously.
- No. No.
- Mm-hm.
No. not fair. Nope.
Oh. come on.
No. I went to that thing last
weekend with your friends.
Yeah. but it was a music
festival
that we actually all wanted
to go to.
You wanted to go to.
It's a wedding planning retreat.
What is that?
Honestly. what's next?
Uh. a baby gender-reveal cruise?
They're excited.
And it's-it's romantic.
[phone buzzing]
See. there you go.
There's my boss.
He just texted me.
I have to go to work or I'm
going to get fired. forever.
Um. a bit more convincing
if that was your phone.
Don't worry. They'll love you.
What if I bribe you?
Mm-hm. mm-hm...
Come on.
Look at you being on time.
Got these for the guys.
Wow. They're something else.
Don't make fun of my balloons.
Let me get this.
What were you doing?
Working or shopping?
What? I'm excited.
Oh. my God.
Are you living in your car?
Funny.
[laughing]
At least I'm finally seeing
your apartment.
Yeah. yeah.
♪
♪ I've got to make it
to your arms ♪
♪ Before they sound the alarm
♪ 'Cause half the world
has gone crazy ♪
♪ But it doesn't seem
to phase me ♪
♪ I dodged a bullet
to the head ♪
♪ It hit my heart instead
[music playing on radio.
indistinctly]
Hey.
Okay...
Oh. look. snacks.
- Mmm.
- Look.
[music playing on radio]
We should get these.
You should put those back.
All right. give me these.
Hey. I'll just grab these.
and 30 dollars for the red car
out there.
[cash register beeping]
I'll get the key
for the bathroom.
Man: Here you go.
Thank you.
Uh. two minutes.
Okay.
I'll. uh. fill 'er up.
Thank you.
♪
[door closing]
[bell above door jingling]
Hey.
Hi.
Have we met before?
Do I know you?
- [door opening]
- Not yet.
But I'd sure like to get
to know you.
Valerie: Oh. wow. That's bold.
- Not really.
- How so?
Well. know that we've met.
we know each other.
Okay.
Must be a beautiful weekend.
Are you. um.
you staying nearby?
Uh. yeah.
I think we're just up the road.
A buddy of mine.
we're staying out off of 16.
I could show you around
if you like?
Uh. actually.
I'm here with my girl--
- Friend.
- --friend.
Aunt. actually.
I'm her great aunt.
[laughing]
I'm kidding.
[laughing awkwardly]
Okay. then.
Uh. wanna get going?
Yup. Bye.
Hey. you guys have a good
weekend. all right?
Yeah. you too.
See you later.
Valerie: Your great aunt?
Renee: Yeah. whatever.
[laughing]
What?
Why do you care what he thinks?
I don't care what he thinks.
I just -- he just doesn't need
to know our business.
Why do you have to be
so weird about it?
I'm not being weird about it.
- You are.
- No. I'm not.
Never mind.
- I'm not.
- You are.
[woman singing on radio]
Okay. tell me a little bit more
about this place we're going to.
Okay.
Oh. these are our hosts.
Randy and Steve.
Amazing gay B&B owners.
I feel like I'm obligated
to make a moustache comment.
According to their profile.
Randy and Steve bought
20 acres in the country
so that they had a place to
escape the hustle of the city.
Hmm. that's nice.
Let me guess.
they're excited to share
their little slice of... heaven.
"We are excited to share
our little oasis."
[laughing]
- [tire blowing]
- Oh. Jesus!
[laughing]
What was that?
Fuck.
Valerie: It's okay.
[sighing]
That's why I don't like leaving
the fucking city.
Okay. what year is your car?
I don't know.
Should we just call roadside?
No. I was just looking up
instructions.
For what?
How to fix a flat tire.
Frank17 says anyone can do it.
All right. well. if Frank17
says I can change a tire.
I kinda have to change the tire.
You're gonna change the tire!
[slamming trunk]
Oh!
No!
No. No. No.
Oh!
Val. I am so sorry.
Those balloons were a dumb idea.
anyway.
I'm sorry.
[clattering]
♪
We're here!
Here. let me grab that.
I got it. I got it.
[door slamming]
Here. here. here.
That's fine. oh.
Connor! Scotty?
Connor?
Where are they?
Uh. I don't know.
Out for a walk?
It's a beautiful day.
Wow. it's a nice place.
Mm-hm.
Must be Scotty's influence.
Connor was always a neat freak
in college.
All right. well.
why don't I. uh...
go grab our stuff
from the car.
I think our room's upstairs.
Renee: Okay.
♪
Ugh...
[scoffing]
"Our casa. your casa."
♪
Ew!
[flies buzzing]
[slamming door]
[phone ringing]
Voicemail: Hey. this is Connor.
leave a message!
He's not answering.
It's 'cause he's on vacation.
And so are you.
You're right.
Let's go explore. eh?
I'll change out of my clothes.
go find the boys.
Okay.
Do you want a drink?
Mm-hm. I do.
[popping bottle cap]
[leaves rustling]
♪
Hey.
Jesus!
H. Christ.
You scared the shit out of me.
Jumpy.
Sorry.
Oh. it's warm.
Yeah. it's pretty gross.
So. uh.
what does the "H" stand for?
What?
In Jesus H. Christ?
Oh... Hank?
It's doubtful.
I don't know. I'm an atheist.
You wanna go?
- Yeah.
- 'Kay.
♪
[bird squawking]
This is nice.
[giggling]
[chattering indistinctly]
Can I ask you a question?
Is it about Star Trek?
What? No.
'Cause I know nothing
about Star Trek.
'Cause we never talk about it.
um. I was just wondering
where you're at?
Uh. I am...
in the middle of nowhere.
at a retreat with you.
Seriously. can we just talk
about this?
Listen. I'm not really
that kind of...
"let's talk about this."
What is that?!
It's a deer head.
But why is it strung up
like that?
It's just a hunter drying out
his trophy. I guess.
Pretty gnarly.
Let's go.
What way do you wanna go?
This way.
Oh. look. it's a lookout point.
Oh. that's a deer stand.
What's a deer stand?
During hunting season.
people sit up there with a gun.
They sit all nice and still
until a little deer comes
prancing along
and then. they shoot it.
How do you know these things?
Frank18.
He's much smarter than
your Frank17.
Do you ever take anything
seriously?
I had to go hunting
with my family when I was a kid.
To cull the problem deer.
"Cull"? That's intense.
Oh. yeah.
We were there to reduce
the population
by selective slaughter.
Charming.
Yeah. not really.
So. were they a problem.
the deer?
It depends on who you ask.
I didn't think they deserved
to die at all.
The worst was that
if they didn't get it in
the right spot with the bullet.
they'd have to slice
the animal's throat.
Blood just like gushing out
everywhere.
Yeah. I'd just wanted to hide.
pretend it wasn't happening.
So. could you choose not to go
if you didn't want to?
This looks like a nice spot.
right here.
I know what you're doing.
What?
I'm just cracking a bottle
of bubbly.
setting up our picnic.
You're avoiding talking.
and answering my question
from earlier.
Oh. boy.
[cork popping]
There. take this.
Please.
Come here.
Oh!
- Is that all you got?
- Oh. okay.
Are you gonna share
some of that?
No.
Come here.
So. what are we doing?
Is this a. a scientist thing?
The need to label everything.
No. I'm just trying to talk
to someone
who clearly has a problem
with adult conversations
and avoiding conflict.
Look. if this isn't going
anywhere.
you have to let me know.
Yes or no?
[rustling]
What?
I just saw someone.
Maybe it's just your friends
playing around?
Connor? Scott?
Connor! Scott!
Here. Let me go check it out.
- It's fine.
- Uh...
I'll check it out.
Hello!
[leaves crunching]
Hello?!
Do your friends smoke?
Valerie: No!
What is it?
Someone was watching us.
- What?
- Let's go.
Come.
This is crazy.
[panting]
♪
Where's your car?
What the ever-loving fuck?
[door creaking]
Guys. are you here?
Hello?
Valerie: Connor?
[stairs squeaking]
♪
Val!
Val?!
Where did you put my phone?
I put it right here.
Where's your phone?
I must've left it in the car.
[footsteps]
[whispering] Did you hear that?
[footsteps falling.
floor creaking]
[breathing heavily]
Val. are those your friends?
Connor?
Hello?
[whispering]
Oh. my god. Oh. my god.
What the fuck?
Those are the hosts.
♪
Go!
[panting]
♪
Come on.
Oh. my god!
[panting]
Look.
- Look. look.
- What?
My car.
Okay. let's go.
[shouting indistinctly]
Come on. hurry!
♪
Jump!
Faster! Come on!
Come on. let's go!
- [bear trap snapping]
- Ah!
Ow. help!
Ow!
Oh. my god.
Ah. get it off!
Get it off! Get it off!
It's okay! It's okay!
It's okay!
Get it off!
Be quiet. They'll hear us.
[whimpering]
Oh...
It's okay.
[Val crying]
Okay.
[branch breaking]
[breathing heavily]
[grunting]
[Val moaning]
[branch cracking]
[Val screaming]
Fuck.
[Val sobbing]
♪
[chain rattling]
[traps snapping]
Fuck!
[Val crying]
It's okay. It's okay.
It's not okay!
It's not okay.
I'm fucking bl-- I'm bleeding.
I'm bleeding.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. listen to me.
- Look at me. Look at me.
- [Val panting]
I'm going to the car.
I'm gonna get the crowbar.
No please don't--
oh. please don't leave.
It's our only choice.
I'm gonna be right back.
I promise.
[whimpering]
Help. don't leave me.
Ahhh!
Don't leave me.
[crying]
[footsteps falling. panting]
Oh. god.
[creaking]
[footsteps falling]
♪
Oh!
[panting]
[owl hooting]
[splashing]
[gasping]
[taking deep breath]
[water bubbling]
♪
[gasping for air]
[breathing heavily]
[water bubbling]
[man breathing]
♪
[gasping for air]
[splashing]
[panting]
♪
Val: No!
[Val screaming]
♪
Val?
[twig snapping]
[Renee screaming]
[sound of breathing]
[chain rattling]
[breathing heavily]
Where...
[chain rattling]
[groaning]
[whimpering]
[straining]
[muffled shouting]
[clattering]
[gasping for breath]
[groaning]
[chain rattling]
Oh!
[groaning]
[whimpering]
[chain rattling]
Oh. no.
[muffled shouting]
[screaming]
Oh!
No. no...
No. no. no!
Oh. god.
[screaming]
What...
[Renee crying]
♪
[bird squawking]
[breathing heavily]
[banging. chain rattling]
[breathing through mask]
[trembling]
[Renee shouting. muffled]
Please!
Please. don't.
Please don't do this.
Please don't do this!
I haven't even seen your face.
Okay?
You can just let me go.
Now. smile.
Peek-a-boo.
[camera whirring]
Why are you doing this?
Please let me go.
Please let me--
Someone help me!
[screaming]
Fuck!
♪
[chain rattling]
[car approaching]
Welcome back. Get everything?
Don't need to welcome me
to my own goddamn home.
Hey. we got everything.
He's still pissed we killed
the neighbours.
Killing them wasn't a part
of the goddamn plan.
Hey. you said you wanted to do
something about the neighbours.
'Cause online we just talked
about fucking with them!
Whoa. hey. relax. relax.
he's just being a pussy!
Dead faggots don't talk.
You understand?
You got a problem with that?
I just don't wanna spend my life
in fucking jail. man.
You're not gonna spend your life
in jail.
You believe me?
How do you know?
[gunshot]
Oh!
[breathing heavily. trembling]
[crickets chirping]
[door opening]
Here.
It's okay.
That's it.
Are you okay?
Can you--
can you please help me?
I can't.
Yes. you can.
You can. I saw you.
You don't have to listen
to him.
If he's controlling you.
I can get us out of here.
I have a plan.
I can't let you go.
I have your phone.
[chain rattling]
I'm getting a real peek
into your disgusting life.
Pervert.
You know you're a piece
of shit.
You haven't even asked
about your friend.
Please tell me that she's okay.
What did you do to her?
Please. I am begging you.
can you please just let me
out of here?
Where's Valerie?
Where is she?
[music playing through
headphones]
Can't hear you!
Look at me. Look at me.
Look at me.
Don't leave!
Don't leave.
Please let me go!
What are you doing?
Help!
[door closing]
Fuck!
[chain rattling]
[Renee moaning]
Man: Help me!
[shouting continues.
indistinctly]
[typing]
[man crying on screen]
Man: Help!
[crunching]
Come. come.
[man sobbing]
No. No. No.
Please. help.
No!
[crying]
Please!
[man groaning. straining]
No. please.
Help! Help!
[thudding sound.
man screaming]
[Renee groaning]
[groaning]
[rubbing restraints]
[moaning]
Aw. fuck.
Oh. no...
Okay...
Okay. okay.
[trembling]
♪
[screaming]
[crying]
[gasping. panting]
Okay.
[gasping for breath]
[whimpering]
[muffled screaming]
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
[groaning]
[panting]
Okay. okay.
[talking under breath.
indistinct]
[gasping]
Okay. okay...
Fuck.
[banging]
Come on.
♪
Fuck.
[slurping]
Shit.
[door rattling]
[creaking]
Argh!
[groaning]
You fucking little bitch!
[shouting indistinctly]
You sick fuck.
Argh!
[groaning]
Ahhhh!
[shouting. groaning]
- Ahh!
- Argh!
[thudding]
Oh. fuck me.
[Renee panting]
[rattling door handle]
Fuck.
Keys gone.
[panting]
[whimpering]
♪
Oh! Ah!
[groaning. panting]
[panting]
[laughing under breath]
Valerie: Help!
Someone help!
Val?
Valerie: Please. no!
Please don't do this.
Gavin: Shut up!
Now that it's levelled.
just clean up the screws.
- Like this?
- Yeah. yeah. That one.
Please!
- Val.
- Please don't.
Please don't do this. Please.
[Valerie crying]
V-Val...
You crying?
Val.
Don't. no.
Please don't do this. please.
Shut up!
- Val.
- Please!
Shut up.
Shut her up. come on.
- Connor...
- Val.
Connor. I love you.
I love you!
I love you.
Shut up.
Shut the fuck up.
Don't touch her!
Val. Val...
Hey?
[crying]
[panting]
Connor: Anybody. help!
Please. someone!
[voices talking over each other]
Just let me go. please.
Please!
Gavin: Layna said fans are going
nuts over the last one.
James: We'll give them what
they wanna see. man.
This is what they want.
Connor: Please. god. Please. no.
This isn't just a movie.
it's fucking art.
[whimpering]
James: You good?
[panting. crying]
Okay. can I get you some wine?
I want my big star to feel
comfortable.
Just do me a favour.
look into the lens.
I wanna see those eyes.
[Val crying]
[Connor crying]
You let me go?
Run. little bitch.
Run.
[laughing]
Hey?
Is Layna coming?
She's working the live feed.
This isn't for women. man.
[Val crying]
Except for you. darling.
[Connor crying]
P-Pl-Please...
Please somebody help!
This is gonna get the boys
online pumped up. for sure.
[whimpering]
All right.
[James exhaling]
This feels even better than
I thought it was going to.
[Connor whimpering]
I got it. I got it.
Have fun with it.
Rowr! Argh!
Help me...
[crying]
[whimpering]
Someone help.
[Val crying]
Please...
[whimpering]
[Val moaning]
Time to cull!
Fuck you!
[laughing]
[muffled] Help!
[axe striking]
[screaming]
[Val screaming]
♪
Argh!
[Val moaning]
[panting]
That was perfect.
[crying]
[panting]
Hey. get the next one.
[Val crying]
You're up.
[spitting]
[James laughing]
[crying]
We're bringing your thing over
so she can watch.
No.
Gavin: Get her up!
Get up.
Layna: Gavin...
Layna. Layna!
Honey. what happened?
She can't get away.
Check the garage.
Shoot to kill.
[door closing. locking]
[crying]
[Val crying]
[whispering] Val.
[crying]
Hi!
Hi. Hi.
Hi. you okay?
[both crying]
They're dead. Connor and Scott.
They killed them both.
And we're next.
They're going to kill us next.
[crying]
Ah!
You have to go.
What?
You gotta go.
Go! Go!
Get out. leave.
Or they're going
to kill us both.
Please leave.
I don't...
I don't wanna see you...
[crying]
Look at me for a sec.
We're not getting killed
by a bunch of dudes wearing
camo. okay?
[crying]
Listen to me.
We're going to get out of here.
Together.
- Okay?
- Okay.
I'm not going to leave you.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Okay. there's got to be
something I can use to--
they took the axe.
They're going to be back
any minute. though.
There's gotta be...
a knife or something
that can cut through...
[clattering]
Uh...
Yes.
Okay. okay...
Okay.
[rubbing]
Is it working?
Wait. wait.
Okay. Yeah!
I did it. I did it.
- Oh. my god!
- Okay.
Okay. let's go.
Fuck.
[crying]
[rattling doorknob]
Fuck.
Renee: Fuck!
[crying in pain]
Okay.
[murmuring indistinctly]
What are you doing?
I have an idea.
What?
Trust me.
James: Gavin. I'm going back
to the barn!
Oh. god...
Hurry.
♪
Give me the bat.
Take this.
What am I supposed to do
with this?
Get him in the face.
- Okay.
- And hide.
♪
[exhaling]
[door opening]
Fuckin' cunt.
Argh!
What the hell?
Fuck!
[sizzling]
Fuck! My fucking face!
[screaming]
- [door closing]
- Fucking bitch...
Okay!
Good one.
♪
[whispering indistinctly]
[rustling]
[James groaning]
Gavin: You find 'em?
James: I'm fucking blind!
What the fuck happened
to your face?
- Fucking bitches!
- What the fuck happened?
[Renee and Val whispering
indistinctly]
- Gavin: Where are they?!
- James: I don't know.
Gavin: I'm going to slice them
into tiny fucking pieces
with the jackknife.
They're gonna wish
they got the axe.
- Split up.
- Which way?
Take the south side.
I'll head 'em off at the track.
- Let's go!
- I'm fucking going.
Fucking go! Go!
♪
Okay. Okay.
I'm going to go inside
and look for car keys.
How do you know they're there?
I don't. okay. just we need
to get the fuck out of here.
[whispering] Okay.
[rustling]
♪
[breathing heavily]
[Val sniffling]
♪
No!
[gasping]
[footsteps falling]
Ugh!
James: Fucking bitch!
[grunting. shouting]
Oh. fuck! Ugh!
[grunting]
Ahh!
[gasping]
[James grunting]
[choking]
[sound fading out]
Argh!
That's for Connor
and Scott. you asshole.
[thudding]
[gasping. crying]
Oh. my god.
[panting]
Holy shit. Val.
[footsteps falling]
♪
What?
Jesus Christ.
♪
What is wrong with these people?
Layna: We aren't the problem.
[cocking gun]
Ugh!
Shoot her.
You won't shoot me.
You don't have the guts.
What are you doing?
[screaming]
[smashing]
[breathing heavily]
[clattering]
What are we going to do?
We're gonna kill him.
I-I don't know how to shoot.
Yes. you do.
Line it up.
Steady hand.
Breathe.
Just like putting on mascara.
Renee: Yeah.
But aim for the chest.
Got it.
[cocking gun]
Time to cull.
♪
Okay. okay. okay.
Okay?
[sniffling]
Are you sure you're okay
to do this?
I'll be okay.
I'll make it.
I'll make it. Go.
Here.
[sighing]
♪
[footsteps falling]
[panting]
[cocking gun]
[whispering]
Where are you. fucker?
Hey!
[footsteps]
[breathing heavily]
[cocking gun]
[gunshot]
Fuck.
♪
[gunshot]
[gun clicking]
Ugh. fuck!
Is this what you want. huh?
[gun cocking]
You're fucking dead. bitch.
[gunshot]
[Gavin groaning]
Valerie:
Did I get him in the chest?
[laughing]
[panting]
[Renee groaning]
Ugh!
Valerie:
What are you doing?
♪ Steal my blood
and steal my heart ♪
♪ Whatever it takes
to get you off ♪
♪ I'm your bitch.
you're my bitch ♪
♪ In my bones
and in my soul ♪
♪ Always be in your control
♪ I'm your bitch.
you're my bitch ♪
Peek-a-boo.
Smile. you piece of shit.
[grunting]
♪ Give me that stuff
that feels so pure ♪
♪ Stamp me with your signature
♪ I'm your bitch.
you're my bitch ♪
♪ We do things a different way
♪ It's up to you
and it's up to me ♪
♪ I'm your bitch.
you're my bitch ♪
♪ Hey hey
♪
♪ [woman singing distorted]
♪ Hey hey
♪ Hey. bitch
♪ Bitch...
♪ Hey hey
♪ S'up
♪ Bitch. bitch...
♪
[panting]
[crying]
♪
[gasping]
[sniffling]
♪
[breathing heavily]
[crying]
It's okay.
do you guys need a hand?
We got you. it's okay.
It's okay.
Let's get you to a hospital.
Let's go. We got you.
- Come on.
- You all right?
Come on in.
Hospital's not too far away.
It's okay.
We got you.
[sniffling]
Yes.
Hmm?
I think I'm ready to learn
how to use your stupid
coffee machine.
[laughing]
♪ I hope you've got
♪ A safety net
♪ 'Cause I'm gonna push you
over the edge ♪
♪ The strangest thing
♪ Deliberate
♪ Done with intent.
without repent ♪
♪ I hope you got
♪ Some common sense
♪ Turn around and walk away
♪ The strangest thing
♪ Deliberate
♪ Done with intent.
without repent ♪
♪ I love the pain.
I love the game ♪
♪ Come into my arms.
come into my arms ♪
♪ You say that I'm delirious
♪ But I'm not the one
holdin' the gun ♪
♪ I told you not to come
♪ My victim number one
♪
♪ You won't let go
♪ You won't give in
♪ Till every part of you
is suffering ♪
♪ It's the strangest thing
♪ It's deliberate
♪ Done with intent.
without repent ♪
♪ I love the pain.
I love the game ♪
♪ Come into my arms.
come into my arms ♪
♪ You say that I'm delirious
♪ But I'm not the one
holdin' the gun ♪
♪
♪ I told you not to come
♪ My victim number one
♪ I hope you've got
♪ A safety net
♪ 'Cause I'm gonna push you
over the edge ♪
♪ It's the strangest thing
♪ It's deliberate
♪ Done with intent.
without repent ♪
♪ I love the pain.
I love the game ♪
♪ Come into my arms.
come into my arms ♪
♪ You say that I'm delirious
♪ Oh
♪ You'll just have
to learn the hard way ♪
♪ I love the pain.
I love the game ♪
♪ Come into my arms.
come into my arms ♪
♪ You say that I'm delirious
♪ But I'm not the one
holdin' the gun ♪
♪